Clarify when and why LearningRateScheduler is called (#13267)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/model/manual_optimization.rst

defined in your :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.module.LightningModule.configure_optimizers`.

.. warning::

>    * Before v1.3, Lightning automatically called ``lr_scheduler.step()`` in both automatic and manual optimization. Post v1.3, ``lr_scheduler.step()`` can now be called at arbitrary intervals by the user in case of manual optimization, or by Lightning if ``"interval"`` is defined in :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.module.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` in case of automatic optimization.

Reviewer: Removing the statement for the old version.

```suggestion
   * ``lr_scheduler.step()`` can be called at arbitrary intervals by the user in case of manual optimization, or by Lightning if ``"interval"`` is defined in :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.module.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` in case of automatic optimization.
```

defined in your :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.module.LightningModule.configure_optimizers`.

.. warning::

>    * Before v1.3, Lightning automatically called ``lr_scheduler.step()`` in both automatic and manual optimization. 1.3, ``lr_scheduler.step()`` can now be called at arbitrary intervals by the user, or automatically by Lightning if ``"interval"`` is defined in ``configure_optimizers()``.
>      Check ``configure_optimizers()`` for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Before v1.3, Lightning automatically called ``lr_scheduler.step()`` in both automatic and manual optimization. Post v1.3, ``lr_scheduler.step()`` can now be called at arbitrary intervals by the user in case of manual optimization, or by Lightning if ``"interval"`` is defined in :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.module.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` in case of automatic optimization.
```
I think this is better.
